README.md, before:

# Advanced Computer Vision with TensorFlow


This repository contains the advanced topics of Computer Vision with TensorFlow.

Eeach file contains a topic with code and explaination.

## Content:

- **Transfer Learning for binary classification** [(this file)](./01_transfer_learning_cats_dogs.ipynb)

    This notebook covers transfer learning topic. A binary classifier is trained on cats and dogs dataset.
     
- **Transfer Learning for multi-class classification** [(this file)](./02_Transfer_Learning_CIFAR_10.ipynb)
    
    Multi-Class classification on CIFAR-10 dataset

- **Object Localization** [(this file)](./03_Object_Localization.ipynb)

    In this notebook, you'll build a CNN from scratch to:

    - classify the main subject in an image
    localize it by drawing bounding boxes around it.
    You'll use the MNIST dataset to synthesize a custom dataset for the task:

    - Place each "digit" image on a black canvas of width 75 x 75 at random locations.
    Calculate the corresponding bounding boxes for those "digits".
    The bounding box prediction can be modelled as a "regression" task, which means that the model will predict a numeric value (as opposed to a category)

    - Calculate the IOU (Intersection Over Union) metric to evaluate the model's performance


Please feel free to contribute in this repository.

Commit message:

change this repo to a roadmap

README.md, after:

# Advanced Computer Vision with TensorFlow


This repository serves as a roadmap to my collection of advanced Computer Vision projects implemented with TensorFlow.

## Content:

- **Transfer Learning for binary classification** [(link)](https://github.com/barzansaeedpour/transfer-learning-for-binary-classification-tensorflow)

    This repository provides a practical guide on using transfer learning for binary classification tasks using TensorFlow.
     
- **Transfer Learning for multi-class classification** [(link)](https://github.com/barzansaeedpour/transfer-learning-for-multi-class-classification-CIFAR-10)
    
    This repository contains code and resources for performing multi-class classification on the CIFAR-10 dataset using transfer learning. 

- **Object Localization and Classification with One Network on MNIST Dataset** [(link)](https://github.com/barzansaeedpour/object-localization-and-classification-with-one-network)

    In this notebook, you'll build a CNN from scratch to:

    - classify the main subject in an image
    localize it by drawing bounding boxes around it.
    You'll use the MNIST dataset to synthesize a custom dataset for the task:

    - Place each "digit" image on a black canvas of width 75 x 75 at random locations.
    Calculate the corresponding bounding boxes for those "digits".
    The bounding box prediction can be modelled as a "regression" task, which means that the model will predict a numeric value (as opposed to a category)

    - Calculate the IOU (Intersection Over Union) metric to evaluate the model's performance


Please feel free to contribute in this repository.
